Q. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A. Mostly when I have multiple people working on the same repository. Also if i work from different machines, say home and office remote repository would be handy. Another case would be i wanted to show my project publicly, and want input from the community. Though that could be said to come under the first situation, still the idea for writing the first situation was for a dedicated team point of view.

Q. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A. Having to pull manually rether than Git automatically synchronising it regularly, has the same advanatges as havving to commit manually rather than automatically. Git wouldnt know the appropriate time to sync. Git could sync at a wrong time, when you're in the middle of something and hence end up pushing incomplete code which could cause problems. Or maybe push the a file which essentially does the same thing as the previous one.

Q. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A. Forks are exclusive to only GitHub. Forks are used when you want to modify the project on a different account. Clones are done between GitHub and local machine or on the same local machine to create 2 instances of a repository. Branches are done within a repository. Branches come into the picture when you want to go on path other than the direction it is going on. Or you want to add a new feature but are not sure about it.

Q. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A. The benefit of having the last known copy is that you can stay updated with it in case you have to work locally, i.e make changes to the project without pushing them to the remote for some time. So later the integration would be smooth and well understood.

Q. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
A. Maybe usage of some file sharing systems like Dropbox would have had to suffice. Things that would be easier would maybe be that in order to make changes permanent the 2-step process of git, add then commit, wouldn't be needed. That would be a lot faster and convenient. However this excat thing would turn around and be really painful when we had to execute version control. Also, working simultaneously would be extremely difficult compared to what Git and GitHub offers.

Q. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
A. Changes would be made in a separate branch when you're not sure if the change would be succesful or not. After testing it out on the different branch, the decision to bring in onto the master could be made. Another instance would be that when the project is shared between several members. In that case before making any changes to the master branch, letting the other members know about it and getting their feedback is important, as it would involve the entire team and might highlight any flaws that you might have ovelooked. Working drectly on the master branch really speeds up the process but is very risky. Preferably for small prjects, working just on the master branch might be feasible, but in larger scale it is prudent to keep separate branches.